Hey guys in this video we're gonna look at Tech's shadows and this is another thing that I personally
don't use that much.
Just like we can add shadows to elements.
We can also add them to text.
So let's create a new file in our sandbox called 0 5 underscore text underscore shadows dot age CML.
OK we'll go ahead and put our boiler plate in and just going to close up the sidebar.
Let's say.
Text shadows put in our style and what I'm gonna do here is just I'm just gonna have four different
H ones.
OK so we're gonna say one and inside the content.
Let's say Welcome to my course.
OK.
And I just want to add actually let's do this.
Two times four.
And I want to add a class a different class to each one.
So let's say.
Class a
class B
S Class C
Class D.
OK.
So we have these different classes on each H1 because I want to give you a different example for each
one.
Now I'm going to do just a core styling here of font family and let's do aerial and then let's make
the font size pretty big.
So we'll do font size.
Let's do five REM and we'll go ahead and open that up and actually do a little bit smaller for them.
Good.
So let's start off with the first one which is an H one with a class of A.
And of course I could just do dot a but I just want to I'm changing things up just see you guys remember
that you can do this.
You don't know you can do just a or you can target the H one with the class of a.
So let me just paste this in just like with box shadow we have a couple different values so we have
the H shadow which is horizontal shadow in the vertical or V shadow and the color.
So let's go ahead and add to this first one text dash shadow.
And I want to use rhyme units I'm just going to do point to REM H shadow wants to point to REM v shadow
and for color I'm going to use steel blue.
So let's save that see what it looks like.
So as you can see the the horizontal shadow basically is this way vertical shadow is going down it's
going this way.
So it kind of comes off diagonal this way.
Now just like with the box shadow we can also have a blur.
So let's do an H1 let's do each one B.
So we're now targeting the B class which is the second one here.
And spaces in here so it's actually blur and then color and going to copy what we already have appear
and pieces in.
So let's do let's do for RAM will do for RAM 3 ram for the V shadow and then for the blur.
Let's do.
We'll do.
Point seven RAM and we'll keep steel blue.
So let's save that and I can see that we have the the blur effect and you can use pixels if you want.
It doesn't have to be ram units but that gives kind of a different look.
So next thing I want to do is white text.
So it's to H1 dots see
let's do white text.
So basically what we're doing is setting the color to white I save that it's going to just completely
disappear.
But what we can do is add the shadow so that we can actually make out the text.
So we'll do two zero point two Ram zero point two Ram.
Let's do one ram for the blur and let's do still below and save and it's going to look like that.
So we get some pretty cool text effects here.
Again not something that I would really use that much but it's good to know.
So for the last one here I want to show you that we can use negative values.
OK.
So I'm just going to copy this.
Let's grab this one here
and instead of it coming this way I want it to go up.
I want to go this way.
So we could add a negative value for the H shadow and the v shadow and we'll save.
And now I could see that the blur is is up here rather than down here OK.
So that's about it guys.
We probably won't use this this text shadow again.
I just wanted to include it in the course in case you like it and you want to use it maybe in like a
showcase area or something like that.
All right.
So I will see you in the next video.